report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:40:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:43:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:56:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:56:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:56:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:56:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:65:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:65:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:66:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:66:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:67:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:67:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:68:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:68:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:69:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:69:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:70:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:70:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:71:1: W191 indentation contains tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:71:1: E101 indentation contains mixed spaces and tabs
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:78:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:78:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:78:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:124:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:124:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:124:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:150:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:150:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:150:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:169:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:169:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:169:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:194:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:194:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:194:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:213:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:213:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:213:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:239:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:239:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:239:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:258:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:258:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:258:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:283:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:283:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:283:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:307:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:307:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:307:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:330:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:330:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:330:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:349:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:349:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:349:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:368:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:368:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:368:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:387:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:387:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:387:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:406:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:406:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:406:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:428:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:428:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:428:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:451:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:451:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/tables.py:451:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:3:89: E501 line too long (89 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:6:89: E501 line too long (89 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:8:89: E501 line too long (102 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:25:48: B008 Do not perform function calls in argument defaults.  The call is performed only once at function definition time. All calls to your function will reuse the result of that definition-time function call.  If this is intended, assign the function call to a module-level variable and use that variable as a default value.
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:25:48: B008 Do not perform function calls in argument defaults.  The call is performed only once at function definition time. All calls to your function will reuse the result of that definition-time function call.  If this is intended, assign the function call to a module-level variable and use that variable as a default value.
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:25:89: E501 line too long (106 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:27:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:27:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:28:89: E501 line too long (111 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:32:89: E501 line too long (90 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:57:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:62:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:62:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:63:89: E501 line too long (98 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:77:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:77:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:77:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:98:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:98:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:98:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:101:89: E501 line too long (135 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:114:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:114:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:130:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:130:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:130:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:144:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:152:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:152:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/excel_to_sql.py:152:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:22:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:22:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:22:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:36:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:44:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:44:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:44:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:45:89: E501 line too long (113 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:46:89: E501 line too long (138 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:59:89: E501 line too long (140 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:73:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:73:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:73:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:74:89: E501 line too long (149 > 88 characters)
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:88:9: W503 line break before binary operator
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:88:9: E712 comparison to True should be 'if cond is True:' or 'if cond:'
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:95:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:95:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/excel_extraction/clean_data.py:123:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/report_generator_cli/main.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:8:51: W291 trailing whitespace
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:17:89: W291 trailing whitespace
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:24:1: F401 'math' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:32:1: F401 'fpdf.TitleStyle' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:32:1: F401 'fpdf.XPos' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:32:1: F401 'fpdf.YPos' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:32:1: F401 'fpdf.errors' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:33:1: F401 'fpdf.outline.build_outline' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:33:1: F401 'fpdf.outline.outline_as_str' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:34:1: F401 'fpdf.syntax.iobj_ref as pdf_ref' imported but unused
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:38:1: I001 isort found an import in the wrong position
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:39:1: I001 isort found an import in the wrong position
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:40:1: I005 isort found an unexpected missing import
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:54:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:55:89: E501 line too long (108 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:69:18: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:75:18: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:85:18: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:92:18: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:99:18: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:105:89: E501 line too long (101 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:106:9: W503 line break before binary operator
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:106:89: E501 line too long (128 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:121:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:121:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:121:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:122:89: E501 line too long (108 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:193:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:193:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:194:89: E501 line too long (142 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:214:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:214:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:215:89: E501 line too long (107 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:247:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:247:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:248:89: E501 line too long (121 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:268:5: F841 local variable 'order_sections' is assigned to but never used
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:284:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:284:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:285:89: E501 line too long (132 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:319:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:319:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:320:89: E501 line too long (122 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:354:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:354:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:354:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:355:89: E501 line too long (274 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:404:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:404:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:404:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:404:1: D412 No blank lines allowed between a section header and its content
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:405:89: E501 line too long (172 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:432:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:432:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:432:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:433:89: E501 line too long (125 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:485:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:485:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:485:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:486:89: E501 line too long (131 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:517:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:530:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:530:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:530:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:531:89: E501 line too long (131 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:562:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:562:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:562:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:563:89: E501 line too long (125 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:636:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:641:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:641:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:659:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:659:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:659:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:659:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:660:89: E501 line too long (118 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:689:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:689:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:689:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:689:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:690:89: E501 line too long (89 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/create_report.py:713:89: E501 line too long (96 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/compact_report_page.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:2:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:4:89: E501 line too long (91 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:11:1: D107 Missing docstring in __init__
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:17:89: E501 line too long (186 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:20:89: E501 line too long (184 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:29:89: E501 line too long (187 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:38:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:38:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:38:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:38:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:39:89: E501 line too long (102 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:49:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:49:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:49:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:49:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:50:89: E501 line too long (89 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:60:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:60:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:60:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:60:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:70:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:70:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:70:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/report_generator_cli/amphibian.py:71:89: E501 line too long (105 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_cli/list_report_page.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_cli/report_page.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:4:89: E501 line too long (98 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:23:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:23:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:23:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:38:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:41:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/main.py:50:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:1:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:66:89: E501 line too long (128 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:93:1: B901 blind except: statement
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:93:5: B001 Do not use bare `except:`, it also catches unexpected events like memory errors, interrupts, system exit, and so on.  Prefer `except Exception:`.  If you're sure what you're doing, be explicit and write `except BaseException:`.
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:93:5: E722 do not use bare 'except'
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:104:89: E501 line too long (99 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/locations_setup.py:458:89: E501 line too long (110 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:16:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:16:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:16:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:16:89: E501 line too long (111 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:18:89: E501 line too long (95 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:30:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:42:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:42:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:42:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:68:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:68:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:68:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:68:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:101:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:101:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:101:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:115:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:117:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:129:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:134:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:137:18: C403 Unnecessary list comprehension - rewrite as a set comprehension.
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:142:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:161:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:166:21: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:175:89: E501 line too long (277 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:194:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:212:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_updater.py:220:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:1:1: D101 Missing docstring in public class
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:2:1: D107 Missing docstring in __init__
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:20:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:31:1: D105 Missing docstring in magic method
report_generator/location_formatter/location.py:32:89: E501 line too long (148 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:10:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:10:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:10:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:11:89: E501 line too long (141 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:24:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:27:23: E711 comparison to None should be 'if cond is None:'
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:70:89: E501 line too long (90 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:88:89: E501 line too long (103 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:140:1: D201 No blank lines allowed before function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:140:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:140:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:154:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:185:89: E501 line too long (90 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:189:13: W503 line break before binary operator
report_generator/location_formatter/location_finder.py:190:13: W503 line break before binary operator
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:22:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:22:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:22:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:36:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:44:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:44:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:44:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:44:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:45:89: E501 line too long (113 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:46:89: E501 line too long (138 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:58:28: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:58:41: W605 invalid escape sequence '\s'
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:69:1: D205 1 blank line required between summary line and description
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:69:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/clean_data.py:97:1: B902 blind except Exception: statement
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:1:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:66:89: E501 line too long (128 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:93:1: B901 blind except: statement
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:93:5: B001 Do not use bare `except:`, it also catches unexpected events like memory errors, interrupts, system exit, and so on.  Prefer `except Exception:`.  If you're sure what you're doing, be explicit and write `except BaseException:`.
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:93:5: E722 do not use bare 'except'
report_generator/location_formatter/setup/locations_setup.py:104:89: E501 line too long (99 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:1:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:2:89: E501 line too long (117 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:12:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:23:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:69:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:88:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:88:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:88:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:88:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:92:89: E501 line too long (177 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:103:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:120:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:137:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:137:1: D202 No blank lines allowed after function docstring
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:137:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:137:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:141:89: E501 line too long (301 > 88 characters)
report_generator/location_formatter/location_database/db_setup.py:152:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/report_generator_gui/main.py:1:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/report_generator_gui/main.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_gui/views.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:17:1: D101 Missing docstring in public class
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:18:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:90:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:102:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:105:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/test.py:123:1: D103 Missing docstring in public function
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:1:1: D200 One-line docstring should fit on one line with quotes
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:2:89: E501 line too long (169 > 88 characters)
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:13:1: D101 Missing docstring in public class
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:14:1: D107 Missing docstring in __init__
report_generator/report_generator_gui/app.py:21:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
report_generator/report_generator_gui/ui/window_ui.py:1:1: D100 Missing docstring in public module
report_generator/report_generator_gui/ui/window_ui.py:14:1: D101 Missing docstring in public class
report_generator/report_generator_gui/ui/window_ui.py:15:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/ui/window_ui.py:84:1: D102 Missing docstring in public method
report_generator/report_generator_gui/ui/__init__.py:1:1: D104 Missing docstring in public package
